So the next topic where we will
finally understand how ChatGPT
works is known as prompt engineering.
The definition is the process of
designing and refining prompts or
inputs for language models like GPT to
generate desired outputs or responses.
So that's the idea.
I like to say this is more
prompt hacking than engineering.
That's why I don't like
the term prompt engineering,
it's kind of the buzzword of the moment.
There are people,
experts on AI selling books.
And yeah, but
it's more hacking than engineering.
Also because it's really
dependent on the model.
The day they change the model,
the tips that they're giving
you are not useful anymore.
It happened a lot with DALI,
with Metjourney.
In every new version,
the prompt engineering
ideas were not useful anymore, right?
But the idea is that
understanding how we can
set a better prompt to get
a better answer, okay?
That's the idea.
The more explicit and large the prompt,
more accurate the results
we can get from GPT.
Also, more tokens you're spending,
okay, but that's another thing.
But the idea is that when
GPT has more content,
remember that this has
to do with statistics.
So actually, it try to think
about what's the next world.
And if it has more context,
it can get better results.
Remember, that's the idea.
We have a prompt and it goes to GPT and
then we get the result.
And now we mentioned before,
ChatGPT plugins are not actually injecting
new data to the to the black box,
they're injecting the prompt.
So we are always injecting the prompt.
To send the chat history,
we are injecting, in the prompt,
the chat history.
Everything is about the prompt.
We never touch the GPT model,
it's a black box.
As of today, it's a black box.
The only thing that we
can touch is the prompt.
Even plugins on ChatGPT,
they're just changing the prompt.
So now, there are people saying,
I have a super prompt,
there are people selling prompts,
I saw that.
So I'm not going to give you here
super prompts to get your life easier,
to make money with ChatGPT.
No, I'm going to give you hints
like targeting developers, web and
app developers, so hints that
will help us get better results.
We want consistent and
deterministic outputs.
So if we are asking A and the answer is B,
we want the same answer on every call,
okay?
So that's kind of the deal.
Sometimes we need the output in
a specific formats for processing.
So because we are not going to
use ChatGPT for manual process.
We want to use ChatGPT to integrate
that directly with an algorithm,
with a database, to automate things.
And if I need the JSON we wanna structure,
I need the JSON always on that structure.
So ChatGPT cannot create
its own properties, or
hallucinate about how a JSON looks like.
We are paying for the API, so
we'll need to reduce abuse as well.
And also, we wanna validate that
the user-generated content that
goes into the prompt is valid.
For example, This can be
just some bad actor trying
to inject the prompt.
But let's say you have
a translation service,
you wanna translate code from
Java to JavaScript, whatever.
That's your service.
So you have a text box where
a user will type Java code, and
you will use ChatGPT to get
that code into JavaScript.
What happens if the user is
pasting whatever, the bible?
It's not code.
So have you ever think about that?
What will happen if we send the bible?
So what will happen with the output?
So we need to think about that and
how the prompt.
We will see that in a minute.
And also, we wanna stop prompt injection.
So we need to, again,
we cannot automate that,
because bad actors will always
find a way to go over our rules.
Well, we need to tell GPT,
we need to tell the model what to
do in case the input is not
following the rules that I want.
Does it make sense?
Everything has to do with prompt
engineering, to working with the prompt.
So, well, we need to remember
that LLMs can hallucinate,
making facts and
presenting them in a convincing way.
Just have that in mind always, right?
To reduce hallucination,
there are some basic rules that we can
follow when we are writing the prompt.
And also,
we should use the temperature as 0.
Remember, the temperature
is a property that we set.
For example, in our server,
we didn't set that one.
So when we got here,
We can have the property temperature and
we can set it to 0, and
that means a deterministic output.
If you set 1, it will hallucinate,
it will be imaginative in their responses.
But we don't want that,
so we want temperature 0.